# Meeting about team organisation

> Thursday, 12 December · 11:15 – 13:30 UTC

## People
- @phil lead dev
- @berti potential PM QCT
- @luk head integration
- @dkat head core dev (was invited, but couldn't join)
- @fnordpace core dev
- @raika sternensucher core dev
- @frog-rabbit pm and helping hand for administrative tasks in QCT
- @JOETOM administrative responsible for QCT

## Topic
Main topic of this meeting was aobut how to organize/optimize the team comunication and also the comunication with the stakeholders (computors, community, marketing and others).

## Decision
- Each team (integration, core dev) will start to have a bi-weekly sprint planning (monday). starting on 16.12.2024
- all teams together will have a demo/presentation meeting at the end of each sprint to showcase their achievements
- each team will internally organize itself
- the product owners will have at least once a month a priorization meeting
- the qct pm will create a regular reporting for the stakeholders
- in the qubic discord we will rename the `proposal-qubic-technology` channel to `qubic-technology`, this channel will be the main communication channel for QCT
- we will still use github as main planing/documentation platform
- we will create an internal list with all persons where holidays and days off are tracked
- support for ecosystem builders is taken into sprint planing
- joetom will check with luk and kavatak for the extension of their teams

## Discussion
there was a long discussion what **meeting structure** we should follow nad who talks when with whom. the main idea of having meetings and doing a proper planing is about commitment.

there was also a discussion about **product owners**. whoe are they? it is not that clear. for now we will use the existing ones (joetom, luk, dkat, phil). the product owners define the priority on tasks.

we discussed about **lighthouse projects**. e.g. we would like to announce a roadmap like schedule and having 2-3 features that will be done in 2025. it could maybe be something like creating a sub-chain (L2) to provide cryptographic way to access internal event data.

**ecosystem support** how can we support ecosystem? integration and core devs are both often asked to support ecosystem builders. this should be considered when doing the sprint planning.

**availability** when are the QCT members available, this should be documented. it was discussed how. e.g. excel list, having status on discord user. one of the importance of this is to make sure not all dev's are going to holidays at the same time.

**operating team** it needs to be extended. we need also something like "pikett" for urgend issues.

**documentation** there was also a discussion about documentation. we all agreed that it need to be improved. adding e.g. video content should help others to understand qubic. 

**who to ask for** the discussion was about who can/should interact with stakeholders. should it be only the pm or the devs? if there are questions form any stakeholder most think that it make sense to have direct connection. the qct discord channel could be used for this.


