# Meeting with auditors

> Thursday, 5 December · 10:00 – 10:30am UTC

## People
- @sally responsible for the payments (managing payments/administration)
- @frog-rabbit hr contractor and helping hand for administrative tasks in QCT
- @JOETOM  hr contractor and administrative responsible for QCT budget
- @Michaelstar auditor
- @Lex  auditor

## Topic
Auditors will get insights on running contracts, salaries any payments from QCT. They confirm that they will NOT share this data to anyone outside of this group. I would really appreciate if the auditors could create a monthly report about the spending's in QCT. the data for the report is shared through qct administration. please let me know if you @Lex or @Michaelstar  do not have the time to create the audit reports, then we may add another person with capacity. 

## Decision
- The auditors get full read access to the QCT work folder
- The auditors (michaelstar and lex) will provide a monthly reporting about the QCT spendings.
- because auditors first need to get the correct form of the reporting, joetom will already present something (not so nice) earlier
- because the auditors meeting was just now, the november salary payments were already done upfront. as of now, this upfront payments will be paid back from QCT funding address


## Discussion
Joetom explained the QCT work folder which includes:
- received bills
- contracts
- reports
- main budget/cost-sheet file

the main budget/cost-sheet file contains all planed spendings. all spendings which have been done in the past and a balance list of **all** payments. it also includes the contractors and their details.

it was discussed in the group how the reporting from qct can look like and in what interval or what granularity. who will create it and what should be the content.


